### Persona:
Our Zephyr system aims to allow homeowners to interact with their living space in a creative, and much more convient way than ever before. 

One of our systems allows for homeowners to change the temperature of their homes with a new user interface, as well as allowing them to adjust how their thermostat works on a schedule to help cut down energy use while they might be away at work for the day. This will involve having the user interact with an interface and selecting a "morning", "afternoon" or "evening" setting and then selecting what they want the default temperature in their home to be during those hours.

### Example:
Jim and Martha are fresh out of college and like most new real life adults, need to save as many monetary resources as possible in their new home. This is when our system comes into play! If Jim and Martha are going to work in the middle of January, they can set their home to stop heating as much during the hours that they are away and then to kick back on as soon as they are about to arrive back home. This will help the couple save money on bills, as well as save energy! They will also be able to adjust the temperature throughout their whole home with a single interaction.

*********************
Another one of our systems allows for homeowners with a small infant to have an automatic crib rocker which is enabled by the crying of their child. The aim of this technology is to hopefully allow parents to sleep more throughout the night while their child is young by attempting to rock the child to sleep when they start crying in the middle of the night. Not only can this be used at night, but this tool can also be used during the day. This technology involves a user to select an automatic or manual option, where the automatic option is enabled when the child is crying and disabled when the child is not, and the manual option is an on/off button that the parent can press at their will whenever they would like the crib to start/stop rocking. 

#### Example:
Martha and Jim are new parents of a 2 month old infant named Carry. Martha is on maternity leave while Jim still works a full time job as an accountant--he works from 9-5 everyday. Carry likes to wake up every two hours every single night. This prevents both Martha and Jim from getting a full, well-rested night of sleep since they constantly need to get up to rock Carry. With the stress of taking care of Carry while still trying to make it to work on time and also take care of his wife, Jim wanted a solution that would alleviate some of the stress of having to get up every 2 hours every night. With the automatic crib, Jim and Martha have found that the crib rocking will soothe carry more often than not, and Jim and Martha are able to get more sleep. Not only is this helping Jim and Martha at night, the crib is also allowing Martha to be more productive during the day by rocking Carry back to sleep so that Martha can take care of any chores around the house, or prepare lunch for herself and Carry. 

***********************
Another one of our systems is automatic applicances controlled by a timer. This allows for homeowners to get a jumpstart on their daily routines and allows them to have breakfast made more quickly, leave quicker for work, come home and be able to have dinner ready in a more efficient manner, as well as many other uses. This system involves a homeowner picking from a preset list of appliances which are hooked up to a remote access turn-on and then pre-setting which appliances, such as a coffemaker, oven, or bottle-warmer, to turn on at a certain time of day. 

#### Example:
Everyday, Jim leaves for work at 7:30AM in order to avoid traffic. Before this, he showers, gets dressed, and says good morning to Martha, his wife, and his daughter, Carry. Jim likes to have coffee every morning and puts a cinnamon roll in the oven so that when Martha gets up it is ready for her to eat for breakfast. However, Jim found that he did not have enough time to make coffee and pre-heat the oven for Martha's breakfast and leave the house by 7:30AM. Using the new remote control appliance interface, Jim preset the coffee maker and the oven to turn on at 6:30 so that he would have a fresh pot of coffee when he got downstairs and he could put the cinnamon rolls right into the oven and head off to work. Using this method, Jim leaves the house with a cup of coffee and having made breakfast for his wife by 7:30AM. 

***********************
Our last system is automatic light sensors which turn off when homeowners leave the room and turn on when they enter the room. This allows for homeowner to wake up to their lights being slowly dimmed on or come home at night time to an already lit home. This will involve the user to interact with an interactive map of their home and picking which rooms they would like to have the lights turned on in, or turned off in, and at what times. Not only does this allow the homeowner a safe, well-lit home at ease, but it will also cut down on their electric bill by automatically turning off lights in rooms that are not in use. 

#### Example
Jim is a forgetful father who forgets to turn off the lights every time he leaves a room. He has been racking up the electricity bill for months by leaving lights on whenever he leaves the room or leaves the house for work. With Zephyr the lights will be automatically turned off anytime a person leaves the room, reducing the amount the family has to spend on electricity, saving Jim and Martha's marriage, and letting everyone live their own happily ever after. 
